[{"order":"1","fact":"Did you know that a whopping 165,000 adventure-seekers took off on domestic flights bound for the marvelous country of Borealia, making it the hottest travel destination at the Auckland airfield? The runner-up, Vespuchia, had just a quarter of Borealia's flights, yet it still managed to attract a significant number of travelers with its irresistible charm."},{"order":"2","fact":"Queenston emerged as the most popular city destination traveling from Auckland, with  the highest number of destined flights identified by the city codes QUE or BORQUE. Aswell, a significant number of international flights were dedicated to Vespuchia and Scotland."},{"order":"3","fact":"Thursdays dominate any given week at the Auckland Airfield for jet setters, with a staggering 36,000 departures. Whereas Mondays take a more tranquil approach, with a modest 23,600 flights."},{"order":"4","fact":"The Auckland airport is at its liveliest at 8 AM, with travelers taking off to various destinations. The excitement continues to surge at 7 PM and 8 PM. In contrast, the airport finds serenity during the early hours from 1 AM to 6 AM."},{"order":"5","fact":"Expect to be scanned at 7 AM, as this is the most frequent time for S2 scans. This aligns with the typical departure time being an hour after they get through security. Interestingly, between 11 PM and 5 AM, there were no scans recorded at S2, suggesting a quieter period when the airport slumbered peacefully."},{"order":"6","fact":"Did you know the number of agents might not always determine how long you'll wait? Most wait times stays below 40 minutes, regardless of whether there were 3 security agents or just 1. A few travelers also faced longer waits with fewer agents, but this wasn't the norm."},{"order":"7","fact":"Don’t expect to wait that long at the Auckland airfield! The majority of the wait times were under 30 minutes, where most passengers experienced a quick passage through the queues with a mode of 2.5 minutes."}]
